README.md, before:

# Genius::Blocker

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/genius/blocker`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'genius-blocker'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install genius-blocker

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/genius-blocker. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Add basic description and usage instructions

README.md, after:

# Genius::Blocker
Genius Blocker is a piece of Rack Middleware designed to prevent unwanted
annotations by [News Genius](http://news.genius.com/).

The middleware injects a small bit of JavaScript code into the
`<head></head>` of a website in order to force a redirect to the original
website whenever anyone attempts to prepend `genius.it/` onto a website's URL
for annotation purposes.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'genius-blocker'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install genius-blocker

## Usage

For most applications, you can insert middleware into the config.ru file in the root of the application.

A simple config.ru in a Rails application might look
like this after adding Genius::Blocker:

require ::File.expand_path('../config/environment',  __FILE__)

use Genius::Blocker
run MyRailsApp::Application

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/marlabrizel/genius-blocker. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct. Any pull requests or issues that do not adhere to these guidelines will be ignored and/or deleted.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
